[Docs] Fix merge errors / start vale checking in docs (#422)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/filters.md

## Changing selectors

> If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can pass the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] with a different selector model.

Reviewer: I saw this replacement a couple of times now and it always sounds a bit odd to me, but I'm no native speaker 😄 Isn't it **pass to** something instead of *pass with*. Everytime `provide` was replaced with `pass` it sounds a bit odd?

Reviewer: And here I think it should be the other way around if we use "pass". You can pass a different selector model to the `selector` argument of the Filter. The current phrasing confuses me a lot

> If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can pass the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] with a different selector model.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can give the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] a different selector model.
```

Author: @huong-li-nguyen Does this work better? OR 

```suggestion
If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can pass a different select model as the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter].
```

Reviewer: The first one is better! 👍 so

If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can give the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] a different selector model.

> If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can pass the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] with a different selector model.

Reviewer 2: What do you think about this one?
```suggestion
If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can define the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] with a different selector model.
```
